Better articulate server competition challenges (#1803)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-priority.md

# Server Scheduling

> Server scheduling is a prioritization process, based on many inputs and factors,
> that determine how connection resources such as bandwidth are used. This section
> describes considerations that servers can make when scheduling.
> 
> Priority signals are only one form of input to a prioritization process. They do

Reviewer: How about something like:
```suggestion
It is generally beneficial for an HTTP server to send all responses as early as
possible. However, when serving multiple requests on a single connection, there
could be competition between the requests for resources such as connection
bandwidth. This section describes considerations regarding how servers can
schedule the order in which the competing responses will be sent, when such
competition exists.

Server scheduling is a prioritization process based on many inputs and factors,
with priority signals being only one form of input. Priority signals do
```

Regarding #1794, I think there are two paths forward. One is to explain how responses should be served in general, and the other is to limit the scope of this section to how to prioritize one above another when there is competition.

The change proposed in this comment takes the latter approach, while pointing _out as a fact_ that generally speaking serving every response ASAP is beneficial (hence subsuming the new paragraph being proposed below).

Author: I like this!

Clients cannot depend on particular treatment based on priority signals. Servers
can use other information to prioritize responses.

It is generally beneficial for the server to maximize its use of available
bandwidth when serving concurrent requests. Bandwidth utilization for any given
connection is an output of scheduling that can be used in a feedback loop for
subsequent scheduling decisions. For example, a server that prioritizes sending
response data for a resource that it can only read slowly might find bandwidth
is under-utilized. The server could redistribute the available bandwidth to

> other requests.

Reviewer: I think we can drop this paragraph If we adopt something similar to what I have proposed above.

I get the intent of this addition, but to me it is a bit hard to digest. I have difficulty understanding the second sentence. Also, I'm not sure if "re-"distribute found in the third sentence is precise. The text on `urgency` as a suggesting the precedence between requests, therefore, "re-"distribution should be unnecessary.

Another argument against this clause is that HTTP servers are required to serve responses in timely manner regardless of the existence of a prioritization mechanism and therefore that this type of recommendation is not strictly necessary.

Author: removed the para
